Its success of hosting the second Middle East and North Africa economic summit in Amman , which drew the participation of 1,600 government officials and private businessmen from 62 countries across the world , added great credit to the kingdom and was considered the crowning accomplishment of Jordan 's foreign policy . AMMAN , January 1 ( Xinhua ) -- Jordan , in the past year , witnessed a series of remarkable achievements on its diplomatic front . In 1995 , Jordan regained sovereignty over its territories occupied by Israel and exchanged ambassadors with Tel Aviv . CAIRO , January 1 ( Xinhua ) -- Violence seems on the rise in Egypt as a latest sign that militant attacks may be intensified in the most populous Arab country .
DAR ES SALAAM , January 1 ( Xinhua ) -- Tanzania has accomplished a peaceful transition to a multy-party system this year after Benjamin Mkapa was sworn in as President of the United Republic of Tanzania in late November .
JERUSALEM , January 1 ( Xinhua ) -- King Hussein of Jordan will arrive in Tel Aviv next Wednesday to pay his first official visit to Israel since the two countries signed a peace treaty last year .
Since the signing of the accord in August , a pile of reports , both jubilant and disturbing , have been emanating from Monrovia , the capital of Liberia :
However , a disturbing report from Monrovia on December 20 rang a warning bell that Liberia 's peace prospects were still fragile following the sacking of two ministers by the four-month-old Council of State in mid-December . LAGOS , January 1 ( Xinhua ) -- In 1995 , the strength of the once biggest warring faction , the National Patriotic Front of Liberia ( NPFL ) led by Charles Taylor , was seriously weakened following numerous internal strifes and a series of military defeats .
It was also joined by three civilian members : Oscar Quiah , representative of the citizens of Monrovia ; Tamba Taylor , one of Liberia 's traditional leaders who was a `` paramount chief '' ; and Wilton Sankawolo , a professor from the University of Liberia who was appointed chairman of the council .
The January talks in Accra , capital of Ghana , ended in vain . Fruits were indeed born out of the May meeting in Abuja , capital of Nigeria , but the pick of a 90-year-old civilian to chair the interim cabinet once again got vetoed by the warlord Charles Taylor .
NAIROBI , January 1 ( Xinhua ) -- A rift is developing between liberia 's Ministry of Information and the Press Union of Liberia ( pul ) over who should accredit journalists in the country , the Pan African News Agency ( PANA ) reported from Monrovia today .
CAIRO , January 1 ( Xinhua ) -- U.N. Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali , currently on a visit to Egypt , will hold talks with Arab League ( AL ) Secretary General Esmat Abdul-Meguid here Tuesday mainly on the Yemeni-Eritrean dispute over the Red Sea island of Greater Hanish .
BRUSSELS -- Italy , the rotating presidency of the European Union ( EU ) for the first half of 1996 , will `` try to serve the general purpose of the EU and bring European citizens closer to the EU . ''
TEHRAN -- Iran claimed here Sunday that it will lodge a protest with the United Nations and the International Court of Justice in The Hague if Washington does not reject the congressional act against the Islamic republic .
HANOI -- Vietnamese nationals as well as foreigners now can bring into and take out of Vietnam as much as 7,000 U.S. dollars without declaring to the customs .
JOHANNESBURG , January 2 ( Xinhua ) -- An increase in the police budget was a main factor in curbing cirme this year , South Africa 's National Police Commissioner George Fivaz said today .
Speaking to reporters in Pretoria , Fivaz said South Africa would risk becoming a `` gangster state where hijackers , drug-lords , muggers and other criminals would trample hard-won democratic rights into the dust unless the South African Police Service ( SAPS ) was given every means necessary to fight crime . ''
LUSAKA , January 2 ( Xinhua ) -- Presidents of Zambia 's eight opposition parties will meet here tomorrow to work out a strategy of dealing with the method of adopting the draft constitution , among other issues .
AMMAN , January 2 ( Xinhua ) -- King Hussein of Jordan met today with visiting Israeli Foreign Minister Ehud Barak and discussed bilateral relations and the Middle East peace process .
LONDON , January 2 ( Xinhua ) -- Thousands of homes throughout the United Kingdom were flooded on Monday as the Christmas freeze gave way to a dramatic thaw , bursting water mains and domestic water systems .
AMMAN , January 2 ( Xinhua ) -- Jordanian Prime Minister Sharif Zeid Ben Shaker stressed here today that Jordan is committed to realizing a just , comprehensive and lasting peace on all tracks of the Middle East peace process .
He also said that candidates in Jerusalem are asked to contact the DEO in east Jerusalem 's Abu Dis , where scores of Palestinian policemen have already been deployed .
The project manager in the state , Lawrence Esho , told newsmen today in Akure , capital of Ondo State , that 160 million naira ( about 1.88 million U.S. dollars ) was spent on machineries , such as compressors , vehicles and drilling rigs .
Lebanon upholds a coordinated stand with Syria in the peace negotiations with Israel , and refuses to sign any peace accord with the Jewish state before Syria does so .
LUSAKA , January 3 ( Xinhua ) -- The Cooperative Bank of Zambia which closed in November last year will re-open to the public within the shortest possible time , it is announced here today .
TEHRAN , January 3 ( Xinhua ) -- Iran has executed eight people , including a woman , on charges of armed robbery , Kidnaping and drug trafficking , the local evening newspaper Kayhan report today .
The newspaper said that these criminals were executed in Iran 's southern province of Kerman and other 16 people were sentenced six to 11 years imprisonment on the same charges .
LUSAKA , January 3 ( Xinhua ) -- Zambia 's ruling party chief today urged the youths in markets and residential areas to conduct door-to- door campaign to get more people registered as voters before the exercise ends .
TEHRAN , January 3 ( Xinhua ) -- Iran announced here today that it has arrested 273 Afghan nationals for illegally entering the country .
Iran strives to have relations with Europe , Russia , China , Japan , Southeast Asian , South Asian and Moslem countries and real Non-Aligned countries , he added .
DAMASCUS , January 3 ( Xinhua ) -- No breakthrough is expected to be secured during the second round of Maryland talks between Syria and Israel , according to diplomatic sources here .
The sources added that despite the positive atmosphere pervading the Maryland talks between Syria and Israel , there is still a wide gap between the attitudes of the two countries regarding a number of questions , especially the question of the Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights captured in the 1967 Middle East war .
Israel insists on setting up ground-based early warning stations in the Golan Heights after an Israeli pull-out .
GENEVA , January 3 ( Xinhua ) -- With a per-capita-GDP of 37,180 U.S. dollars , Switzerland kept its position as the world 's second richest country in 1994 , just after Luxemburg , the latest list of rankings issued by the World Bank showed .
ADDIS ABABA , January 3 ( Xinhua ) -- Ethiopian Foreign Minister Seyoum Mesfin left here today for Asmara and Sanaa in a renewed effort to help mediate the dispute on the Hanish islands between Eritrea and Yemen .
Eritrea set free more than 200 Yemeni prisoners , handing them over to the International Society of Red Cross which flew them out of Asmara and returned them to Sanaa last month .
LAGOS , January 4 ( Xinhua ) -- Liberia 's Council of State , the collective presidency , has called for a ceasefire in the northwestern town of Tubmanburg , where militiamen have been fighting the west African peacekeeping force known as ECOMOG .
Charles Taylor , a member of the presidency , made the appeal in Liberia 's capital Monrovia Wednesday when he spoke to newsmen with the presence of two other members of the presidency , Alhaji Kromah and George Boley .
KHARTOUM , January 4 ( Xinhua ) -- Abu Bakr Yunis , head of a Libyan delegation currently visiting Sudan , said here Wednesday that his country is mediating between Sudan and Uganda in a bid to remove the misunderstanding between the two countries .
Yunis , one of the Libyan leaders , affirmed while meeting with Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir in Khartoum that Libya is making efforts to help Sudan and Uganda settle their differences , local newspapers reported today .
The trapped ECOMOG soldiers were on a mission to maintain the ceasefire under the peace accord signed by all the warring factions in Abuja , capital of Nigeria , on August 20 , 1995 .
JERUSALEM , January 4 ( Xinhua ) -- Israel is to release some 1,200 Palestinian prisoners next week in accordance with the Israel-PLO Oslo 2 accord on expanding Palestinian autonomy .
AMMAN , January 4 ( Xinhua ) -- Jordan 's Lower House of Parliament endorsed here today a draft budget bill for fiscal 1996 , according to `` Radio Jordan . ''
This was disclosed by Kgosinkwe Moesi , the SADC information officer in Gaborone , capital of Botswana , in his interview with the Zimbabwean National News Agency .
This year 's SADC annual summit will be held in August in Maseru , capital of Lesotho .
Damascus , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- The resuming of Syrian-Israeli peace talks in Maryland , the United States , in late December has witnessed a new phase of Syrian-Israeli track of the peace process after a six-month stalemate .
These meetings revealed big gap between the stances of Syria and Israel , prominent among which is the establishment of early warning systems after proposed Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights , a strategic plateau Israel captured from Syria in the 1967 Middle East war .
Syria had even expressed its indignation at Israel 's demand to maintain early warning stations at the Syrian side after Israeli pullout from the Golan Heights .
He had on several occasions indicated hope that complete peace with syria could be attained in the no distant future , saying that peace with Syria and Lebanon would mean peace with 18 to 20 Arab states .
DAR ES SALAAM , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- President Benjamin Mkapa said here today the Tanzanian government pursues the one-China policy , commending China for its support to Tanzania 's economic development .
However , the field commander of the west African peace-keeping force , known as ECOMOG , Maj.-gen. John Inienger , said on Thursday that the fithting had ceased in Tubmanburg , where the Kahn wing fighters of the United Liberation Movement for Democracy in Liberia ( ULIMO ) on attacked and killed three ECOMOG soldiers on December 28 last year .
Hashimoto , Deputy Prime Minister who heads the Liberal Democratic Party , the largest component within Japan 's three-way ruling coalition , is the most likely choice .
The sources disclosed the mandrax drug comes from Asia and is sent to South Africa while heroine from India and Thailand and to Europe , North America and Canada .
JOHANNESBURG , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- The announcement of a new multi-party commission to investigate political violence in South Africa 's Kwazulu/Natal sparked a verbal battle on Thursday between political parties in the Province .
Talking about Seguin 's visit at a press conference earlier today , Lebanese Foreign Minister Farez Boueiz pointed to a `` big concern '' for Europe generally , and for France particularly , about what is happening in the region and especially what is occurring in Lebanon .
JOHANNESBURG , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa is expected to send a multi-party delegation to Germany next week to study its federal system , the German Embassy said today in Pretoria .
TOKYO , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama said today he is stepping down after 18 months in office so that a new coalition cabinet can take measures to ensure Japan 's economic recovery and handle other pressing issues with the beginning of the new year .
ADDIS ABABA , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- Ethiopian Foreign Minister Seyoum Mesfin said here today that both Yemen and Eritrea have accepted Ethiopia 's Proposal on the disputed Hanish Islands .
The Ethiopian minister made the announcement when he returned home from Asmara , Eritrea , where he had discussions with Eritrean leaders on solutions to the Hanish Islands crisis .
The Syrian official daily Tishrin expressed hope Wednesday that 1996 should be the year of peace on the Syrian and Lebanese tracks though reiterating Syria 's demand that Israel commit itself to a complete and early withdrawal from the Golan Heights .
TEHRAN , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- Iran has urged natives of the disputed island of Abu Musa to `` be alert against any aggression '' and `` defend every inch of our territory . ''
The strongly-worded statement was made by Iranian First Vice- President Hassan Habibi today in the disputed island of Abu Musa , the highest ranking Iranian official ever set his foot on this island , the most controversial dispute between Iran and the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
UNITED NATIONS , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- The U.N. Security Council , in its regular 60-day review of sanctions against Iraq , on Friday decided to maintain the economic embargo .
ANKARA , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- Turkish Pro-Islamist Welfare Party ( RP ) leader Necmettin Erbakan said today that the West has nothing to fear from his party 's coming to power because then Turkey will be a powerful ally of the West .
Besides , it restricts Turkey 's trade with other countries , including the 'Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , ' Erbakan said , adding , `` I am deeply surprised how they could suggest such an agreement . ''
LAGOS , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- The Sierra Leonean High Commissioner to Nigeria , Joe Blell , has appealed to the Nigerian government to review its decision not to participate in the 20th African Cup .
The envoy told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) here today that Nigeria 's participation in the forthcoming tournament to be opened in South Africa would promote unity and peace in Africa .
Commenting on the president 's decision , Medvedev said , `` The president 's actions were logical : Boris Yeltsin repeatedly and sharply criticized the Foreign Ministry and its leader for miscalculations and drawbacks connected with the conduct of Russia 's foreign policy and coordination of activities o various ministries and departments operating abroad . ''
He cited Yeltsin as saying that foreign policy priorities are the building up of Russia 's ties with CIS ( Commonwealth of Independent States ) members , of its partnership with Western nations , China , Japan and India .
NAIROBI , January 5 ( Xinhua ) -- Kenyan Foreign Minister Kalonzo Musyoka today called on foreign envoys to Kenya to issue positive travel advice to their fellow citizens as the security is steadily strengthened in the country .
Diplomats including all the deans of various regions represented in Kenya congratulated Kenyan police and the government on the recent success in combating crime in Nairobi .
At a press conference in the West Bank town of Ramallah , Abbas said that 1,0103,235 Palestinian voters in the West Bank and Gaza have registered for the PC elections due to take place on January 20 .
The Syrian official daily Tishrin expressed hope Wednesday that 1996 should be the year of peace on the Syrian and Lebanese tracks though reiterating Syria 's demand that Israel commit itself to a complete and early withdrawal from the Golan Heights .
ATHENS , January 7 ( Xinhua ) -- Greece 's main opposition party , the New Democracy Party ( ND ) , is to table a censure motion against the government Monday , claiming Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou 's extended incapacity had left the country virtually ungoverned .
LAGOS , January 7 ( Xinhua ) -- No fewer than 3.3 million Nigerians are suffering from river blindness , according to a report from the News Agency of Nigeria .
Johannesburg , January 7 ( Xinhua ) -- The year 1996 is expected to witness South Africa 's ruling party facing unprecedented challenges as the African National Congress ( ANC ) fights to repair the damage apartheid has wrecked on the country .
AMMAN , January 7 ( Xinhua ) -- U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry arrived here today for talks on Jordan 's military needs , including a long-sought military aid package to modernize Jordan 's forces .
However , it is reported that Washington has agreed in principle to provide Jordan with the single-engine F-16s , of which the number is not immediately known but is estimated at between 12 and 16 .
JERUSALEM -- Israel went on high alert following the death of Hamas activist Yehia Ayyash , known as `` the Engineer , '' in Gaza Friday , as Hamas threatened to launch revenge attacks on Israeli targets .
ISLAMABAD -- At least six people were killed and 14 others injured Sunday evening in Pakistan 's southern port city of Karachi when an explosive went off in a bus , according to local reports .
The Ethiopian foreign minister has visited Asmara and Sanaa three times since the conflict erupted last October between Eritrea and Yemen .
KUWAIT CITY , January 7 ( Xinhua ) -- Czech Prime Minister Vaclav klaus arrived here today on an official two-day visit to Kuwait .
VIENNA , January 7 ( Xinhua ) -- Italy 's Alberto Tomba clinched his third consecutive slalom victory after a brilliant second run in the Alpine skiing men 's World Cup in Flachau , Austria , on Sunday .
Mario Reiter of Austria finished second with 1:41.25 while Slovenia 's Jure Kosir was in third in 1:41.45 .
Austria 's Thomas Sykora was the only skier to have a better second run than Tomba , vaulting him from seventh to fourth with 1:41.48 .
LUANDA , January 8 ( Xinhua ) -- A visiting World Bank official today pledged the bank 's `` full support '' to Angola which she said was torn apart by an `` economic crisis . ''
He said that the UK accounted for one-fifth of man-made emissions of carbon dioxide in Europe , compared with 12 percent from France and 13 percent from Italy .
NICOSIA , January 8 ( Xinhua ) -- Cyprus and the United States have agreed that there should be an overall approach to all key issues composing the Cyprus problem and that all fundamental questions should be on the negotiating table .
In addition , Arab parliamentarians will hold a special session Thursday to discuss the U.S. Congress decision to move the American embassy to Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
BEIRUT , January 7 ( Xinhua ) -- Speaker of the Canadian House of Representatives Gilbert Adolph Parent reiterated here today his country 's support for the implementation of U.N. Security Council resolution 425 , which calls Israel 's withdrawal from Lebanon .
JOHANNESBURG , January 8 ( Xinhua ) -- President Nelson Mandela today considered the death of former French President Francois Mitterrand as `` a great loss to the people and government of South Africa . ''
ISLAMABAD , January 8 ( Xinhua ) -- Pakistan and Britain have reaffirmed their cooperation in rooting out drug menace .
JOHANNESBURG , January 8 ( Xinhua ) -- Claims of National Intelligence Agency ( NIA ) agents spying on top police officials might have to referred to an independent investigator , South Africa 's First Deputy President Thabo Mbeki said today .
ADDIS ABABA , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- Ethiopia 's ambitious coffee export plans for 1996 have been met with the slide of coffee prices in the world market .
LUSAKA , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- Germany today extended three aid packages to Zambia totalling 21.5 million U.S. dollars to finance its rural water supply projects and other aid programs .
BAGHDAD , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- Iraq today demanded the release of a sum of 50 million U.S. dollars of assets frozen in the countries of Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to cover expenses of Iraqis ' pilgrimage to Mecca and the cost of printing the holy Qur'an .
Under the agreement , the EU pledged to provide about 518,000 U.S. dollars to finance the deployment of the first group of five observers in Burundi 's capital city of Bujumbura for a period of three and a half months .
JERUSALEM , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- The Palestinian National Authority ( PNA ) may ask Israel to extradite Kamal Hamad , suspected of being involved in the murder of Hamas activist Yihye Ayyash , Israel Radio reported this evening .
HARARE , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- The British government is willing to reconsider providing aid for Zimbabwe 's land redistribution if the Zimbabwean government spells out its needs and the new strategies to be adopted after the failure of the first resettlement program .
JERUSALEM , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- The head of the European Union Electoral Unit , Carl Lidbom , today called on Israel to allow free movements of the Palestinian candidates in their campaign prior to the scheduled January 20 elections .
CAIRO , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- Egyptian Prime Minister Kamal el-Ganzouri met here today with Israeli Minister of Energy Gonen Segev , who is currently visiting Egypt for talks on promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of oil .
`` With the situation determined , the president assigned deputy from Konya Province , Necmettin Erbakan , chairman of the Welfare Party which has the most seats in the parliament , to form the government , '' the statement concluded .
BEIJING -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Minister Qian Qichen said here today that China has always attached importance to its relations with Britain .
SHANGHAI -- Than Shwe , chairman of the State Law and Order Restoration Council ( SLORC ) of Myanmar , had a meeting here today with the city 's mayor Xu Kuangdi .
LUANDA , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- Visiting Portuguese President Mario Soares conferred here today the Medal of Afonso Henrique on the United Nations special envoy to Angola , Blondin Beye .
-- China confirms that all the residents now with permanent residence status in Hong Kong will continue to have residence status after June 30 , 1997 .
AMMAN , January 9 ( Xinhua ) -- Visiting Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal al Saud said here today that King Hussein of Jordan has accepted King Fahd iben Abdul-Aziz's invitation to visit Riyadh .
JOHANNESBURG , January 10 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa , southern Africa 's largest maize producer , is set to harvest between 7 and 8 million tons of maize this year following a good start to the rainy season , the state-run maize board said here today .
Johannesburg , January 10 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa 's ruling party , the African National Congress ( ANC ) , today regretted on the refusal by its rival , the Inkatha Freedom Party ( IFP ) , to resume talks on the country 's first post-apartheid Constitution .
The blizzard left Philadelphia with over 30 inches of snow , dumped 27 inches of white powder in New York City and Washington , D.C. and buried Shenandoah National Park in Virginia with as much as 47 inches of flakes .
Massachusetts , New York and Maryland already had light snow overnight .
ADDIS ABABA , January 10 ( Xinhua ) -- France will give the highest regard to Ethiopia 's efforts to seek a political settlement to the problem in the Red Sea Hanish Islands , said French Ambassador to Ethiopia Francis Gutmann , who is special envoy of French President Jack Chirac .
Cape Town is the early favorite but will face challenge from Athens , Buenos Aires , Istanbul , Lille , Rio de Janeiro , Rome , San Juan , Seville , Stockholm and St Petersburg .
LONDON , January 10 ( Xinhua ) -- The Primate of the Church of Ireland , Archbishop Robin Eames said today that he could act as a broker in the arms decommissioning process in Northern Ireland , reported BBC TV this afternoon .
Thomas Muster , Austria , 4,474 4 .
Boris Becker , Germany , 3,325 5 .
Yevgeny Kafelnikov , Russia , 2,660 7 .
Wayne Ferreira , South Africa , 2,144 10 .
Goran Ivanisevic , Croatia , 1,861 11 .
Sergi Bruguera , Spain , 1,666 13 .
Michael Stich , Germany , 1,653 14 .
Arnaud Boetsch , France , 1,412 15 .
Marc Rosset , Switzerland , 1,391 16 .
Gilbert Schaller , Austria , 1,256 20 .
Andrea Gaudenzi , Italy , 1,212
KUALA LUMPUR , January 11 ( Xinhua ) -- Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said today that Malaysia should take steps to correct the country 's current balance of payment ( BOP ) deficit , which reached 18 billion Malaysia Ringgit ( 7.2 billion US dollars ) at the end of 1995 .
WELLINGTON , January 10 ( Xinhua ) -- Jaime Yzaga of Peru recovered from a year of doldrums to upset top seed Thomas Enqvist of Sweden 7-5 , 6-4 in the 328,000-U.S.-Dollar BellSouth Open on Wednesday in Auckland , New Zealand .
Second-seed MaliVai Washington moved into the last eight after outplaying Martin Damm 6-3 , 6-4 in 82 minutes , while eighth seed Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic disposed of Italian Stefano Pescosolido 6-2 , 6-3 .
CANBERRA , January 11 ( Xinhua ) -- Video games have been proved of little educational value as they are promised , an education expert said in Australia .
Stephen Kline , professor from the Simon Fraser University of Canada , told an international meeting held in Hobart in Australia that video games offered little help in enhancing children's ability of learning , analysis , critique and intellectual inquiry .
PHNOM PENH , January 11 ( Xinhua ) -- A U.S. military chief today ended his two-day visit to Cambodia , with the promise of continued U.S. aid for the country .
-- Ryutaro Hashimoto , president of the Liberal Democratic Party , is to be elected Japan 's new prime minister in a parliamentary election today .
YANGON , January 11 ( Xinhua ) -- Nearly 200 foreign devotees from 18 countries or regions including Singapore , Britain , Australia , USA , Japan and France will take part in collective ordination and novitiation in Myanmar .
BEIJING , January 11 ( Xinhua ) -- China 's electronic industry witnessed a sustained and stable growth last year , with total industrial output value reaching 230 billion yuan , up 23.5 percent from that of previous year , according to Zhang Jinqiang , vice minister of Electronic Industry .
-- China is confident that Hong Kong will have a smooth transfer and a stable and prosperous future , Premier Li Peng said yesterday during a meeting with visiting British Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind .
The two leaders fixed the date for Kohl 's forthcoming visit to Russia scheduled for the end of April after the `` eight '' summit in Moscow .
ANKARA , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Turkey and Bulgaria are planning to open a new border gate between the two countries , the Anatolia News Agency reported today .
Officials from the two countries will meet in Edirne province of Turkey on January 25 and then in Bulgaria on January 26 to discuss the opening of Hamzabeyli border gate , located in Edirne province .
CAIRO , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Kenyan Foreign Minister Stephen Musyoka arrived here today leading a delegation on a three-day visit to Egypt , during which he will hold talks with Egyptian officials on promoting bilateral cooperation .
DAMASCUS , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher said here today that Israel and Syria have agreed to to resume their negotiations on January 24 with the participation of military experts from both sides .
He said al-Assad and Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres had moved closer to achieving their goal -- an Israeli commitment to a complete withdrawal from the Golan Heights and a Syrian definition of peace terms with Israel .
GENEVA , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Two large Swiss banks will arrange negotiations in Hong Kong next week to resolve a decade-long dispute over claims to the estimated 475 million U.S. dollars deposited by the late president of the Philippines , Ferdinand Marcos .
The Swiss deposits represent a fraction of the billions of dollars that Marcos , who died in exile in 1989 , and his widow , Imelda , are accused of looting from the Philippines in their 20 years in power .
KAMPALA , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Uganda 's Minister for Foreign Affairs Ruhakana Rugunda today urged the international community to supplement efforts of countries in this sub-region to get a lasting solution to problems in Burundi .
BEIRUT , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- The Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) today denied a report that it was recruiting fresh bloods in Lebanon for the Palestinian police force in the Palestinian self-ruled areas of Gaza Strip and West Bank .
On the report that the pro-Arafat Fatah faction was collecting light weapons in Ain Al-Hilweh , the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon , he said that the move was aimed to enhance the security in the Palestinian refugee camps in this country .
ATHENS , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Police in Greece 's northern city of Salonika have expressed fears that a large quantity of Russian-made automatic weapons have been channelled to organized criminals in the country .
ANKARA , January 12 ( Xinhua ) -- Turkish police have seized more than 31 kilograms of heroin in their recent operations against drug trafficking in Turkey , the Anatolia News Agency reported today .
KHARTOUM , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Sudan has delivered to the Ethiopian government a strong-worded protest , urging Ethiopia to withdraw its troops from the Sudanese territory .
ADDIS ABABA , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Ethiopia 's Investment Code would soon be amended after four years of implementation , a spokesman of the Investment Office said here today .
KUWAIT CITY , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Kuwaiti Defense Minister Sheikh Ahmed al-Humoud al-Sabah held talks here this afternoon with his British Secretary of State for Defense Michael Portillo on supplying Kuwait with advanced weapons and ways to boost bilateral relations .
HONG KONG , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Following are news items from the Asia-Pacific Desk of Xinhua in Hong Kong today : hke011329 -- Myanma Leader Returns Home after Visit to China hke011330 -- Malaysia Satellite Useful For Defense Purpose : hke011331 -- Weekly Report On Kuala Lumpur Stock Market hka011332 -- Weather Information for Asian-Pacific Cities hke011333 -- Weekly Report On Malaysia 's Tin , Rubber Markets hka011334 -- 1.5 Million HK Dollars of Electronic Components Looted hke011335 -- Canadian PM Predicts 4-Fold Increase in Trade with hke011336 -- 5 Killed in Road Mishap in Philippines hke011337 -- Hong Kong Exports More Jewelry Last Year hke011338 -- Karamat Sworn in As New Pakistani Army Chief hke011339 -- Roundup : Rushing Irrigation Projects to Boost Food hke011340 -- ADB Approves Loan to Pakistan for Drainage Program hke011341 -- India Set on Higher Growth Path , RBI Governor Says hke011342 -- Malaysia Not Ready For Diplomatic Ties with Israel hke011343 -- Indonesian Armed Forces Manage to Free 11 Hostages hke011344 -- Pakistan , Iran to Cooperate in Highway Projects hke011345 -- Roundup : Cooperative Tap on China 's Offshore Oil , hke011346 -- Indonesia 's Polls Committee Provides Hotline Service hke011347 -- Indonesia to Open More Single-Teacher Schools hka011348 -- Chinese Taipei Badminton Open Results ( 1 ) hke011349 -- Regional Meeting on Adventure Travel Opens in Nepal hke011350 -- Ye , Dong qualify for Chinese Taipei Open Badminton Final hke011351 -- Chinese Taipei Badminton Open Results ( 2-last )
HONG KONG , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Indonesia 's world champion Susi Susanti set up a show-down with China 's world number one Ye Zhaoying in the women 's singles final after their semi-final victories at the Chinese Taipei Open badminton tournament in Taipei today .
And in the men 's singles , it was China 's Dong Jiong who stole the show , beating hot-favored top seed Allan Budikusuma from Indonesia .
Sun won high worlds from the local media after he scored a come-from-behind victory over Indonesia 's Ardy Wiranata , ranked fifth in the world , yesterday .
Other finalists were Liu Jianjun and Sun Man of China and Danes R. Olsen and M. Sogaard for the mixed doubles , Ge Fei and Gu Jun of China for the women 's doubles , and Swedes P-G Jonsson and P. Axelsson in the men 's doubles .
NEW YORK , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- New York police have arrested two men and seized 213 kilograms of cocaine in New York City , local press reports said today .
The satellite , together with experiments , will be brought home in the cargo bay of Endeavour , which will land at Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida , on January 20 .
Clinton was greeted at the airport by Croatian President Franjo Tudjman and other senior Croatian officials and the two presidents were expected to hold talks at the airport before Clinton goes to Washington later this evening .
Earlier today , Clinton stopped over in Aviano of Italy , Taszar of Hungary and Tuzla of Bosnia to see U.S. troops involved in the NATO 's Bosnian peace-keeping operations and held talks with Hungarian and Bosnian presidents .
JOHANNESBURG , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa claimed the first victory of the African Nations ' Soccer Cup competitions which opened here today .
The country 's national squad defeated Cameroon 3-0 in their first-ever participation of Africa 's most important soccer events in years .
BONN , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Following are the resutls in women 's Alpine skiing World Cup in Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Germany , on Saturday :
Alexandra Meissnitzer , Austria , 282 points
Katja Seizinger , Germany , 265
Michaela Dorfmeister , Austria , 179
Heidi Zurbriggen , Switzerland , 178
Anita Wachter , Austria , 174
Isolde Kostner , Italy , 111
Elfi Eder , Austria , 440
Pernilla Wiberg , Sweden , 302
TIRANA , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Armed robbers looted the branch of Albania 's largest holding company at the Southern port of Vlora Friday and vanished with an amount of cash worth 144,000 U.S. dollars .
SEOUL , January 13 ( Xinhua ) -- China 's nine-duan player Cao Dayuan went down to South Korea 's seven-duan Lee Chang Ho in the Three-country go-chess contest here on Saturday .
So far , China and South Korea both have two players left while Japan has only one after Yoda 's loss on Friday .
The players will move to China 's Shanghai to continue their competition in early February .
He expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the talks held by the Dutch delegation in Damascus and their positive impact on bilateral relations between the Netherlands and Syria .
The Crown Prince and Arafat affirmed that Moslems would not concede their Islamic and historical rights in Jerusalem , and reiterated their rejection of Israel 's attempts to Judaize the Holy City , Deeb said .
On Tuesday , President Suleyman Demirel asked Necmettin Erbakan , leader of the Welfare Party , which came first at the December 24 general elections , to form a new government .
JOHANNESBURG , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- South Africa 's Deputy President Thabo Mbeki today led a government delegation to welcome returning refugees back to their Shobashobane homes in Kwazulu/Natal Province .
AMMAN , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Jordan 's Prime Minister Sharif Zeid Ben Shaker held talks here today with his Dutch counterpart Wim Kok who arrived earlier today for a two-day official visit to Jordan .
OTTAWA , January 14 ( xinhua ) -- Doctors have warned Canadians that they will be hit by influenza which has been traveling from west to east across Canada in this winter .
CAIRO , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- The American investments in Egypt will be doubled next year from the present 1 billion U.S. dollars , American Ambassador to Egypt Edward Walker said here today prior to U.S. Vice President Al Gore 's visit to Egypt Monday .
KUWAIT CITY , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- French Defense Minister Charles Millon arrived here today from Djibouti on an official visit to Kuwait .
In a departure statement in Paris to the Kuwaiti News Agency on the eve of his visit to Kuwait , Millon said the visit was `` an occasion to reaffirm France 's concern about the stability in the Gulf and security of Kuwait , and to review defense issues related to armament .
He added that the 1991 Gulf war had opened the way for his country 's reaching of defense agreements with the states of the Arabian peninsula , adding France has signed defense agreements with with Kuwait , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates respectively .
The 130 peacekeepers were held hostage following the outbreak on December 28 of a battle between the fighters of the Krahn wing of the United Liberation Movement for Democracy in Liberia ( ULIMO-J ) and the ECOMOG in Tubmanburg , 60 km north of capital Monrovia .
Boutros-Ghali said in a BBC television interview this morning he hoped that Germany and Japan would finally join the United States , Russia , Britain , France and China as permanent members of the U.N. Security Council .
HONG KONG , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Following are news items from the Asia-Pacific Desk of Xinhua in Hong Kong today : hke011401 -- Philippines Continues to Contain Monetary Expansion hka011402 -- HK Police Officers Involved in Offenses on Rise hke011403 -- Myanmar Newspaper Hails Than Shwe 's China Visit hke011404 -- Major News Items in Leading Pakistani Newspapers hke011405 -- Major News Items in Leading Philippine Newspapers hke011406 -- Foreign Tourists Stay Longer in Nepal : Study hke011407 -- Major News Items in Indian Newspapers hke011408 -- Sri Lankan Troops Set For Major Offensive In East hke011409 -- Mahathir to go Live On Internet With Arafat , Ramos hke011410 -- India , Canada Sign Trade Deals Worth 3.39 Billion Dollars hke011411 -- Australia Outlines Trade Outlook To 2000 hke011412 -- India , Iran to Strengthen Bilateral Cooperation hke011414 -- Susi Susanti Wins Chinese Taipei Open Badminton hke011415 -- Pakistan Exports Down in 1st Half of This Fiscal Year hka011416 -- Weather Information for Asian-Pacific Cities hke011417 -- Dong Jiong Wins Chinese Taipei open Badminton Title hke011418 -- Canadian PM Visits Pakistan to Explore Market hke011419 -- Roundup : Manila Tightens Price Monitoring hke011420 -- Myanmar Trade Fair '96 Realizes 85.5 Million Dollars hke011421 -- Fatal Particles in Air threaten HK People 's Health : hka011422 -- Portuguese Presidential Election Not Affect Macao's hke011423 -- Final Results of Chinese Taipei Open Badminton hka011424 -- One third HK Women Suffer Urinary Incontinence : Survey hka011425 -- Karachi Stock Exchange Index Up hke011426 -- Pakistan , Netherlands Sign Economic Agreement hke011427 -- Chinese , Indonesian Win Chinese Taipei Open Badminton hke011428 -- UN Envoy to Afghanistan Insists on Previous Peace Plan hke011429 -- Nepal to Solve Problem of Water Shortage in Capital hke011430 -- Chinese Taipei Golfer wins Omega PGA Championship
South Africa 's Richard Kaplan , who equaled the best score of the week with a final round 65 , finished third on three under par , and America 's Mike Cunning fourth a further stroke behind .
Thailand 's Boonchu Ruangkit was second with 173,177 US dollars , and Indian Jeev Milkha Singh third with 154,403 US dollars .
WASHINGTON , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Space shuttle Endeavour crew released a U.S. science satellite Sunday , a day after retrieving a Japanese spacecraft , said U.S. space agency officials in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
WASHINGTON , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Space shuttle Endeavor crew released a U.S. science satellite today , a day after retrieving a Japanese spacecraft , said U.S. space agency officials in Cape Canaveral , Florida .
JERUSALEM , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Israel will not interfere in the process of the Palestinian elections scheduled on January 20 , but will take security steps on its part on the day .
MOSCOW -- Russia extended the deadline Sunday for Chechen rebels to release some 70 hostages from 10 a.m. ( 700 GMT ) to 1 p.m. ( 1000 GMT ) to avoid a bloodshed to end the five-day crisis in southern Russia , after the gunmen failed to free their captives by the old deadline .
TEHRAN -- Iran 's security could be affected by the wars raging in Central Asia and the Caucasus , said Iranian foreign minister here Sunday .
TEHRAN -- Iran 's Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati said here Sunday that it is only of defensive purpose for Iran to earmark 25 billion rials ( about 14.28 million U.S. dollars ) as a tit-for-tat measure to fight back the U.S. covert-action against Iran .
DAMASCUS -- Syria is expecting that the January 24 peace talks with Israel in the U.S. will secure substantial progress in bringing the two countries closer to peace .
NEW DELHI -- India and Canada have signed business deals worth about 3.39 billion U.S. dollars during Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien 's visit that began on Tuesday , the National Herald said Sunday .
HANOI , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Vietnam and Laos today signed a number of agreements on strengthening cooperation in economic , cultural , and scientific and technological fields in 1996 and in the 1996-2000 period , the official Vietnam News Agency said .
BONN , January 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Following are the women 's ski racing World Cup standings after Sunday 's slalom in Garmisch- Partenkirchen , Germany :
Elfi Eder , Austria , 520 points
Martina Accola , Switzerland , 291
Pernilla Wiberg , Sweden , 214
